# js13k Competition 2017
This is David Brad's entry for the js13k competition for 2017 (http://js13kgames.com/)
<br><br>

# Notes about the project
This game actually marks the first game I have made to completion since small projects back in college.<br>
The addition of the 13kb limit helped me a lot by forcing me to write better / more concise code then I may have otherwise.<br>
Overall I am very happy with the outcome and the learning that I have done during this past month.

# Notes about the workflow for this project
All of the code was written in TypeScript, and compiled to Javascript.<br>
I use a gulp workflow to automatically minify the .html, .css, .js, and .png files; and then finally zip all of the resulting files together.<br>
It would then give me a read out of how much of the 13k I had remaining in the console.<br>
This workflow works great for keeping a close eye of the size of your final product as you work, making the 13kb package restriction abit easier to manage.

# Sound
All sound for this project is generated by the javascript *OscillatorNode* class in broswer. <br>
You can see the setup I used in the /src/engine/audio/ folder. <br>
I also used jsfxr (http://github.grumdrig.com/jsfxr/) to quickly test different frequencies as I did not take the time to setup a widget to play with sounds myself for this project.

# Sprites
All of the sprites for this game were made by me in pixlr (https://pixlr.com/editor/).<br>
I took inspiration from many other 8x8 sprites out there on the internet, but ended up creating (and re-creating) every sprite by hand to get the right look, feel, and colours.